http://link477.com/ds/pizza preferred_label Pizza Knowledge Graph
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#creator preferred_label Thomas Fishwick
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cityHasRestaurant preferred_label City has Restaurant
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cityLocatedIn preferred_label City located in
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hasBase preferred_label Has Base
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hasCity preferred_label Province has city
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hasIngredient preferred_label Has Ingredient
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hasMenuItem preferred_label Has Menu Item
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hasProvince preferred_label Country Has Province
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hasTopping preferred_label Has Topping
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#isBaseOf preferred_label Is Base Of
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#isIngredientOf preferred_label Is Ingredient Of
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#isToppingOf preferred_label Is Topping Of
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#provinceLocatedIn preferred_label Province Located In
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#restaurantInCity preferred_label Restaurant In City
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#servedInRestaurant preferred_label Served In Restaurant
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#address preferred_label Restaurant Address
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#category preferred_label Category
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#dateAdded preferred_label Date added
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#dateUpdated preferred_label Date updated
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#id preferred_label ID
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#keys preferred_label The keys of the item
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#latitude preferred_label Latitude
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#longitude preferred_label Longitude
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menuPageURL preferred_label Menu Page URL
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menus.amountMax preferred_label Max amount of the menu
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menus.amountMin preferred_label Min amount of the menu
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menus.currency preferred_label Menu currency
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menus.dateSeen preferred_label Menu date seen
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menus.description preferred_label Menu description
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menus.name preferred_label Menu item name
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSize preferred_label Pizza size
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#postalCode preferred_label Post code
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#priceRangeCurrency preferred_label Price Range Currency
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#priceRangeMax preferred_label Price range max
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#priceRangeMin preferred_label Price range min
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#primaryCategories preferred_label Primary Categories
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#restaurantName preferred_label Restaurant Name
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#american preferred_label American
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#americanHot preferred_label American Hot
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#anchovies preferred_label Anchovies
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#anchovyPizza preferred_label Anchovy Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#artichokes preferred_label Artichokes
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#arugula preferred_label Arugula
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#asparagus preferred_label Asparagus
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#aubergine preferred_label Aubergine
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#auberginePizza preferred_label Aubergine Pizzza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bacon preferred_label Bacon
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#baconCheeseBurgerPizza preferred_label Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bakedPotatoPizza preferred_label Baked Potato Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#basil preferred_label Basil
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bbqPizza preferred_label BBQ Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bbqSauce preferred_label BBQ Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#beef preferred_label Beef
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bianca preferred_label Pizza Bianca
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#biancaFiorentinaPizza preferred_label Bianca Fiorentina Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bltPizza preferred_label BLT Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#blueCheese preferred_label Blue Cheese
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#breakfastPizza preferred_label Breakfast Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bruschettaPizza preferred_label Bruschetta Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#buffaloChickenPizza preferred_label Buffalo Chicken Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#buffaloSauce preferred_label Buffalo Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#burger preferred_label Burger
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#burgerSauce preferred_label Burger Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#caciocavallo preferred_label Caciocavallo
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cajun preferred_label Cajun Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cajunSpice preferred_label Cajun Spice
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#capers preferred_label Capers
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#capricciosa preferred_label Pizza Capricciosa
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#caprina preferred_label Caprina Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cauliflower preferred_label Cauiflower
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cheddar preferred_label Cheddar
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cheese preferred_label Cheese
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cheesyPizza preferred_label Cheesy Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#chicken preferred_label Chicken
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#chickenParmPizza preferred_label Chicken Parm Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#chickenPestoPizza preferred_label Chicken Pesto Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#chickenPizza preferred_label Chicken Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#city preferred_label City
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cookieDough preferred_label Cookie Dough
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cookiePizza preferred_label Cookie Dough Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#corn preferred_label Corn
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#country preferred_label Country
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cowboyPizza preferred_label Cowboy Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#curry preferred_label Curry
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#curryPizza preferred_label Curry Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#doughSticks preferred_label Dough Sticks
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#eFichi preferred_label e fichi
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#egg preferred_label Egg
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#feta preferred_label Feta
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#fig preferred_label Fig
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#fiorentina preferred_label Fiorentina Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#fontina preferred_label Fontina
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#fruttiDiMare preferred_label Frutti Di Mare
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#garlic preferred_label Garlic
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#garlicPizza preferred_label Garlic Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#germanSausage preferred_label German Sausage
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#giardiniera preferred_label Giardiniera Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#glutenFreeBase preferred_label Gluten Free Base
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#glutenFreePizza preferred_label Gluten Free Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#goatsCheese preferred_label Goats Cheese
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#gobiManchurianPizza preferred_label Gobi Manchurian Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#gorgonzola preferred_label Gorgonzola
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#granaPadano preferred_label Grana Padano
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#greekPizza preferred_label Greek Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#ham preferred_label Ham
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hariMirchPineapplePizza preferred_label Hari Mirch Pineapple Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hawaiian preferred_label Hawaiian Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hotGreenPepper preferred_label Hot Green Pepper
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hotSpicedBeef preferred_label Hot Spiced Beef
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#ingredients preferred_label Ingredients
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#interestingPizza preferred_label Interesting Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#jalapenoPepper preferred_label Jalapeno Pepper
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#laReine preferred_label La Reine Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#leek preferred_label Leek
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#lettuce preferred_label Lettuce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#manchurianSauce preferred_label Manchurian Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#margherita preferred_label Margherita Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#meat preferred_label Meat
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#meatPizza preferred_label Meat Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#meatballs preferred_label Meatballs
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menuItem preferred_label Menu Item
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#mixedSeafood preferred_label Mixed Seafood
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#mozzarella preferred_label Mozzarella
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#mushroom preferred_label Mushroom Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#mushrooms preferred_label Mushrooms
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#namedPizza preferred_label Named Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#napoletana preferred_label Napoletana Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#oil preferred_label Oil
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#olives preferred_label Olives
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#onion preferred_label Onion
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#oregano preferred_label Oregano
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#parmese preferred_label Parmese Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#parmezan preferred_label Parmezan
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#peperonata preferred_label Peperonata
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#peperonata preferred_label Sliced peppers, garlic and basil
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pepper preferred_label Pepper
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pepperoni preferred_label Pepperoni
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pesto preferred_label Pesto
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#petitPois preferred_label Petit Pois
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pickle preferred_label Pickle
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pineKernel preferred_label Pine Kernel
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pineapple preferred_label Pineapple
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pisan preferred_label Pisan Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizza preferred_label Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaBase preferred_label Pizza Base
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaBurger preferred_label Pizza Burger
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaRoll preferred_label Pizza Roll
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSauce preferred_label Pizza Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSlice preferred_label Pizza Slice
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSliceBase preferred_label Pizza Slice
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSteak preferred_label Pizza Steak
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSub preferred_label Pizza Sub
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSubBase preferred_label Pizza Sub Base
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaTopping preferred_label Pizza Topping
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaType preferred_label Pizza Type
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaiola preferred_label Pizzaiola
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzetta preferred_label Pizzetta
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#polloAdAstra preferred_label Pollo Ad Astra Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#prawns preferred_label Prawns
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#princeCarlo preferred_label Prince Carlo Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#prosciuttoArugula preferred_label Prosciutto Arugula Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#province preferred_label Province
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pugliese preferred_label Pizza Pugliese
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#quattroFormaggi preferred_label Quattro Formaggi
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#quattroStagioni preferred_label Pizza Quattro Stagioni
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#restaurant preferred_label Restaurant
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#ricotta preferred_label Ricotta
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#rocket preferred_label Rocket
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#roll preferred_label Roll
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#romana preferred_label Pizza Romana
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#rosa preferred_label Rosa Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#rosemary preferred_label Rosemary
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#scallions preferred_label Scallions
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#seafood preferred_label Seafood
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sicilian preferred_label Sicilian Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#slicedTomato preferred_label Sliced Tomato
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sloppyGiuseppe preferred_label Sloppy Giuseppe Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#smallPizzaBase preferred_label Small Pizza Base
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#soho preferred_label Soho Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sourCream preferred_label Sour Cream
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#spinach preferred_label Spinach
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#stracchino preferred_label Stracchino
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sultana preferred_label Sultana
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sundriedTomato preferred_label Sundried Tomato
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#supremePizza preferred_label Supreme Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sweetPepper preferred_label Sweet Pepper
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#tacoChips preferred_label Taco Chips
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#tacoPizza preferred_label Taco Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#threeCheese preferred_label Three Cheese Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#tobascoPepperSauce preferred_label Tobasco Pepper Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#toma preferred_label Toma
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#tomato preferred_label Tomato
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#vegetarianPizza preferred_label Vegetarian Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#veneziana preferred_label Veneziana Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#viennese preferred_label Pizza Viennese
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#country The country a restaurant is in
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#bianca White pizza. No tomato. Olive oil, salt, occasionally herbs
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#american American Pizza/pepperoni
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#asparagus A vegetable
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#restaurant The restaurant that serves pizzas
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#aubergine Aubergine/eggplant
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#romana Pizza with tomato, mozzarella, anchozies, oregano, oil
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#princeCarlo Leek, ham and rosemary pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizza Pizza, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pizza_varieties_by_country
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#curry Curry Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pepper Red/Green Peppers
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#mushroom Mushroom pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#meatPizza A pizza with meat on it
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#margherita Cheese pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#parmese Ham pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#province The province a restaurant is in
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#fruttiDiMare Seafood pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaiola Pizzaiola, meat cooked pizza style
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sultana Sultana, dried fruit
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#quattroFormaggi Four cheese pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzetta Small pizza, ranges in size from three inches to a small personal-sized pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#interestingPizza A pizza with at least 3 toppings
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#leek Long green vegetable
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#tobascoPepperSauce A spicy sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSlice Slice of pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#eFichi Figs on pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#polloAdAstra Spicy chicken pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#hawaiian Hawiian Pizza, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawaiian_pizza (inedible)
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#city The city a restaurant is in
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaType Generic types of pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#rocket Rocket, vegetable leaves
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaBase Pizza Base, mainly bread
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pesto Pesto Sauce
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cauliflower Cauliflower
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#vegetarianPizza Pizzas suitable for vegetarians
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#rosa Gorgonzola pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaTopping The toppings a pizza may have
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#americanHot A spicy American pizza with chilli peppers
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#goatsCheese Cheese made from goats milk
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#threeCheese Three cheese pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#viennese Pizza with tomato, mozzarella, German sausage, oregano, oil
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSub A pizza sub
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pepperoni A type of spicy sausage
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#oil Olive Oil
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#petitPois Small peas
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pugliese Pizza Pugliese https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pizza_pugliese, tomato, mozzarella and onion
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pizzaSubBase A base for a pizza sub
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#menuItem An item on the menu in a restaurant
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#quattroStagioni Four seasons pizza, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pizza_quattro_stagioni. A pizza divided into four sections of toppings
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#rosemary Rosemary, a type of herb
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#capricciosa Pizza with mozzarella, tomato, mushrooms, artichokes, cooked ham, olives, oil
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#pisan Pisan pizza (pizza pisana) is a smaller and thicker pizza baked into metal plates and traditionally served with anchovies, capers and grated Grana Padano cheese. The slices are traditionally served folded with a slice of cecina, a chickpeas cake, as street food in Pisa, its province and the nearby provinces of Leghorn and Lucca (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pizza_varieties_by_country)
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#slicedTomato Sliced Tomatoes
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#seafood Sea food
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#cheesyPizza Pizza with just cheese on it
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sundriedTomato Sundried tomatoes
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#arugula Something that looks like rocket
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#prosciuttoArugula Ham and Arugula Pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#sicilian Sicilian Pizza, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sicilian_pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#namedPizza Different types of pizza
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#ingredients The contents of the Menu Items
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#chicken Chicken pieces
http://link477.com/ds/pizza#auberginePizza Aubergine Pizzza/Eggplant
